1. Information we collect:
Ibadah is not collecting any kind of user data and private information.

1.1. General information and permissions:
* No general information is collected from users. No specific information is collected by any user and the case is the same for all the users. The permissions we take are for the improvement of features of the app. They are:
* We collect location to tell you correct Qibla direction, prayer timings and the Islamic data.
* We daily send only one notification for the ayat of the day and notifications for prayer time if permitted by the user in settings.
* Push notification requires Device identifiers so we also collect that.
Note: ABOVE INFORMATIONS NOT SAVED IN ANY SERVER.
Can the permissions be changed later?
Yes, every sort of permission can be changed by every user by going into your Device’s settings.

1.2 App analytics:
To know the statistics of a number of users with the parameters of region and device (model), we collect app analytics through Firebase(Google). We also use the same methodology to figure out the crashes occurrence.


2. How your information is used:
We save user’s preferences about notifications and other things on the local (smartphone) and not on the server so no issues related to security of user’s preferences are faced.


3. Who gets your information:
We don’t have any user information to share with any social media platform. We have a strict policy for that. Different statistics number of install, views and so on are used for marketing purpose which is available on Firebase or Google. We do not share them with any 3rd party vendor or user or anyone.


4. Third Party websites and services:
We have no control over any website or service that uses our name without permissions and legal way. Using any other website or app using our name does not lie under our privacy policy.


5. Contact us:
In case of any questions regarding Privacy policy or any other matter, we are easily reachable at abubakermanzoor014@gmail.com


6. Privacy policy changes:
In case of any new feature or content or permission, Islamic Technology mission has the right to change the privacy policy and users are highly requested to overview it from time to time.


Disclaimers :
All Quran translations are composed manually and hence are bound to contain human errors. If any error is found and reported it will be corrected ASAP.
Namaz timings are specific to user’s location. They might differ from your local Masjid depending upon your location that is collected via aladhan.com API. It is preferred that you follow your local masjid in case of any confusion.
Hadith Collections, Quran and Quran Translation are collected via sunnah.com API and quran.com API
